Hello and welcome to Python Bytes where we deliver Python news and headlines directly to your earbuds. This is episode 319 recorded January 17, 2023.
And I'm Brian Okken.
And I'm Michael Kennedy.
Well, I'm super excited to talk about whatever you have to share with us. But before we go, before we get started, I just want to say thanks to Microsoft for Startup Founders Hub for sponsoring this episode.
Listen to their spot later in the show and let's see what you have to talk about, Michael.
what do I got to talk about?
I also want to remind people they can go to
Python by Set FM, click on the live stream
and see all the upcoming live streams and be part of that.
So it's always awesome to have them there
and follow us on Mastodon.
We got all of our things there.
Believe it or not, we actually do a couple things
on Mastodon every now and then.
But what I want to do is actually talk about
this article that Ned Banchelder wrote,
which I found on Mastodon when we did our
tools for readmes and other repo homepage types of things
called the secure maintainer workflow.
So Brian, we got to judge the level of paranoia here.
Do you worry about people get into like pytest check?
You worry about people getting on your computer
and accessing SSH keys or things like that?
- Don't, I don't know if I should, but I don't.
- Well, Ned does.
And I share some of his concern, you know,
like on my hard drive, I have SSH keys.
If you could figure out what computers those went to,
and you could remotely log into them.
There's a few layers of indirection
that make that more difficult than you would imagine,
but still not that tricky.
And there's been a bunch of issues.
For example, let's see, there's the CircleCI breach,
I believe, it's probably a fair search term.
CircleCI is super scary because they build the things
that companies ship.
So if you ship a website or a mobile app
or you ship a desktop app or any of those types of things,
it's automated potentially through CircleCI
and you send it out.
So if somebody say were to take over your CircleCI,
that would be bad.
Believe what happened was somebody had gotten hold of
someone who works on CircleCI,
got into their GitHub account, right?
That could be through an SSH key
or when you're on your terminal,
you could just type git add, git push,
all those types of things, right?
So Ned says, well, what can I do
so that if someone did get access to run code on my behalf,
that it maybe wouldn't be able to push directly to coverage.py
and just start going out.
And that's the next thing, is once that goes out,
that goes to everybody's servers, many of them anyway, right?
And then you potentially have bad code
running on people's servers.
So the consequence is not just, oh, Ned might get hacked,
but everyone using coverage.py,
which is many, many, many, many, many people
might get hacked, right?
- Yeah, and it's also used on developer workstations,
so it's going on developers' computers as well.
- Exactly, and then rinse and repeat, right?
Now they have SSH keys, but are they building an Onyx?
You know, like it goes sideways fast.
So he's like, well, I have terminal sessions
that have implicit access to credentials,
PyPI, Git, and so on.
It would be better, you know, for example,
you can push to Git without asking for a password, right?
Either through credential cache or an SSH key
or something like that.
This is problematic in a couple of ways.
The less likely, less concerning,
although a lot of advice sort of worries about this,
I agree that it's not very concerning at all,
is somebody actually gets physical access to your computer.
So I don't know what most people do,
but you should be turning on full disk encryption,
especially if you have a laptop, right?
If it could be stolen,
or especially if you travel around with it
and it could be lost somewhere
or picked up and lifted off like the subway or something,
you don't want to be able to just take the disk out
and read all the data off it, right?
So a super easy way to do that with low overhead
is like FileVault, which is built into macOS,
and I'm pretty sure Windows has something built in.
So anyway, full disk encryption.
So chances something bad happens there
is really, really small.
On the other hand though, is if you run some evil code.
Now, evil code could come from traditional places
like spam or phishing or those other areas,
but for developers, especially people maintaining
popular projects like coverage.py
and the many other things that Ned does
is somebody could try to send him malicious code
through Python and through source control.
For example, what if somebody says,
hey Ned, I've got this issue with coverage.py,
check out this repo and run it
to see the bug to reproduce it.
It's like, you know what that might do?
Well, whatever Ned can do on his computer
is what it might do.
And he says, look, if I get a huge repo,
not a PR to coverage.py, but a huge set of code
that coverage.py is applied to,
you know, what is that potentially gonna do?
He can't go code review every huge PR
that is sent to him when it, you know,
refers to someone else's repo, right?
So there's things you can do,
but that's his primary concern is,
how do you deal with people sending him bad code?
So first thing is 1Password.
1Password is awesome.
Also not LastPass.
Don't use LastPass more than that at the end,
but oh my God, don't use LastPass.
1Password or Bitwarden are really good choices.
And it says, look, I store my credentials in there,
and then you can have two shell functions
that will load those variables into and out of environment,
the environment just for a moment.
So load the GitHub credential into the environment,
do a get push, unload it, for example.
Something like that, right?
That's pretty cool.
Similarly, things that are very less likely to be used
like PyPI credentials, right?
How often do you really do a push?
It says, but also I have a .ssh directory,
which on Mac and I think Linux as well
is where the default SSH keys just live
and encrypted hanging out there.
So that would be something you wanna keep away.
Now he says, I don't know what to do with that.
The comments here are very helpful.
But the other thing is he says,
if I've got to run that PR
and somebody gives me some huge bit of code,
I'm running that in Docker.
So get one of the base Docker files for Python,
log into their interactive shell, get clone, try it out.
So, who cares if somebody hacks your Docker file,
or your Docker container,
you're gonna throw it away anyway, right?
So he asked, what else can I be doing to keep safe?
And luckily there are comments on his blog here.
It says, you could piggyback on the one password workflow
to export extra SSH config.
And go down here, Dirk Schaden says,
I use secretive, which keeps SSH keys on the Mac locked up.
Some comments for protecting Docker,
although I don't really see any reason
I would care about protecting a base Docker image.
But Kushal Das, another core developer,
says 1Password can do SSH.
So 1Password will run an SSH agent
that will serve up the keys on demand,
but prompt you for a fingerprint reading
or verify on your watch
or enter your 1Password password type thing, which is cool.
And they also suggest using Podman,
which has higher security than Docker.
Again, I'm not sure why you need that.
But finally, Brett Cannon says,
one password for SSH.
Let's go.
That seems pretty awesome.
So. - Interesting.
- Anyway, these are some ideas.
I think it's only scratching the surface, but yeah.
And then Christopher, just to follow up,
says BitLocker is the file vault equivalent for Windows.
That's right.
Thanks, Christopher.
- So one of the things that, I mean,
okay, so yes, protecting against, you know,
losing your laptop or somebody taking it
or reading or whatever.
These are all kind of cool.
One of the, my concern isn't really that
somebody's gonna try to access it,
is that I can't anymore.
Like my laptop just dies and I can't use it anymore.
So things like 1Password, I assume they're backupable
so that I can get access to it again.
- Yeah, yeah, so 1Password stores all that information
on their servers, where you control
a super long encryption key that they don't have.
So there's no, if you lose it, there's no,
I'll get my thing back.
Part of the setup process for one password
is they're like, here's your 30 character
secret key that is combined with your password,
and if you don't have both of those, we can't help you.
It's encrypted with this and we don't know what it is.
So it's pretty good, it's pretty good.
It's not LastPass, again, which we'll touch on.
But, so that syncs to all, like it syncs to your phone,
it syncs to your different computers.
There's a web version.
It works on Windows, Mac, Linux.
It's a pretty good option, honestly.
It's paid, but it's not much, like five bucks a month.
You don't want that in Bitwarden,
but Bitwarden's not quite as secure,
'cause I don't think it has the secret key.
It's just the password, so you need a longer password.
I don't know, we're going a bit down,
too far down that rabbit hole, maybe,
but yeah, it's pretty interesting.
Certainly it's a concern, but so, for example,
you can have file attachments in your 1Password,
so you can attach your SSH folder
to like a logins thing that you put in there.
So if you go to a new computer,
you can just open that thing up
and get your SSH keys, drop them in there,
and off you go.
But never, never lose that 30 character secret key
'cause you're not getting back in without it.
All right, over to you, what you got?
- What do I have?
I've got some web scraping.
So, or a tool, actually a couple tools
for parsing HTML and parsing JSON
that I thought were just pretty darn cool.
So I was reading this article, which is a decent article,
called "A Year of Writing About Web Scraping in Review."
So somebody that got a job doing a whole bunch of blog posts about web scraping.
But one of the things, when he talks about doing it in Python,
it had "httpx," and yeah, you and I both like that a lot.
- Oh, yeah, it's great stuff. - Pretty popular.
But I hadn't heard of Parcel or JamesPath.
Or JamesPath is J-M-E-S, Path.
And so I wanted to check that out.
These are some pretty cool tools.
So what Parcel does is it's a Python library
to extract and remove data from HTML and XML,
sure, I guess, using XPath and CSS.
So the CSS part is the part that I'm excited about.
So the idea is, like, here's an example bit of HTML
that we're showing on the live stream.
And you can just like access elements like you would CSS access like, you know, h1 colon colon text.
I'm not sure why it's colon colon instead of dot.
But anyway.
I think those are what they call like special classes in CSS.
Okay.
Yeah, the text is up.
But you can do things like h1 colon hover.
And that like only triggers when it hovers.
But yeah, colon colon text, you're right.
That okay, I get it.
That is weird.
But anyway, kind of interesting.
I like the, and then I'm used to the, like the greater than,
I think that's like some child of or something.
>> Immediate child.
>> Yeah, it has to be immediate child, yeah.
>> Okay. But it's fairly clear to read then to be able to pull out
some stuff out of your HTML using these selectors.
So that's pretty cool.
>> Yeah, that's really nice.
I've always thought a beautiful soup for that,
But this sounds really nice.
The other one that I thought was great,
and which I probably do more often,
is grabbing stuff out of JSON.
I hadn't heard of James Path.
It's just some pretty cool expressions to be able to pull out some stuff.
If you've got this example of foo,
and foo is a dictionary element,
and it has another dictionary inside with bar and the value of baz.
you can just say foo.bar and it'll return bats.
So those are pretty cool.
Just simple little tools about getting JSON data.
>> That's interesting because I never really thought of
parsing JSON with a search.
>> Yeah.
>> With a query CSS like search,
I've always just thought of it as,
well, I'm just going to load it up and navigate it.
But I just want to go to
this section and grab this array
and I don't care what's in the middle.
Yeah, well, and actually, so I need to play with it. So you're right. I've never really thought about too, too much about doing searches or something. I just like loaded up and just navigate it. But, but if it's somewhere buried deep inside my document, I wouldn't know how to get it. So yeah, or, or possibly if it changes over time. So it's like, you know, there's a component on the site on the page, but it's, it might be loaded anywhere on the page.
Yeah, exactly. Yeah, it's kind of like a CSS selector for JSON, which
that is a cool discovery.
Yeah.
Anyway, that's it. A couple short items, but
Nice. Out there, Will McGugan says, "Pseudo classes?"
And yes, pseudo classes for sure. Absolutely. So that's like
the colon hover and stuff. But these are all
like colon read-only, colon valid, colon,
you know, these colon visited. But I don't know about the double colon. Maybe
that's something else. Maybe it's just a special
specialization of pseudo classes.
Yeah, I don't know, I have to dig into it a little bit more.
Same. I've only been doing the web for like a few weeks.
I went to this boot camp, I'm getting good at HTML.
Alright, tell us about our sponsor.
This episode of Python Bytes is
brought to you by Microsoft for Startups.
So Microsoft for Startups has built Founders Hub to help startups be successful.
Founders Hub provides founders at any stage with free resources to help solve startup challenges.
The digital platform provides technology benefits,
access to expert guidance,
skilling resources, mentorship,
and network connections, and so much more.
Founders Hub is truly open to all,
along with free access to GitHub and Microsoft Cloud,
with the ability to unlock credits over time.
Founders Hub also has partnered with
other innovative companies to provide
exclusive benefits and discounts.
You'll also have access to their mentorship network,
giving you access to a pool of
hundreds of mentors across a range of disciplines.
you'll be able to book a one-on-one meeting
with mentors, many of whom are former founders themselves.
Make your idea a reality today with
critical support you'll get from Microsoft for Startups Founders Hub.
To join the program,
please visit pythonbytes.fm/foundershub2022.
The link is in your show notes.
>> Indeed. Thank you, Microsoft,
for sponsoring the show.
Let's see, what do I got next?
Back to Git, but this time not protecting Git,
understanding your Git repository.
Brian, do you know what your largest Git repository is in size?
>> No.
>> Not either, but I'm pretty sure that
Talk Python Training the website is just under a gig,
and that's quite a bit.
I haven't looked at all the others,
but that one's one of the larger ones that I manage,
and it's pretty big.
But is it big because it has a bunch of
binary stuff that I should maybe find and remove?
Is it big because there's just a lot of files?
If you have directories named like backup one, backup two, stored in there.
No, no, no.
Version one, version two, version one final, version one final, final.
I zip those, I don't just have those directories.
Yeah, so anyway, what I want to tell you all about is a tool called Git Sizer.
So it computes various size metrics for Git repositories
and pointing out aspects of your repository that might cause problems.
So if you've got a small repo, like who cares, don't worry about this stuff.
But on the other hand, if you've got one where it's like,
"This thing is a pain to check out,"
or "CI builds are really dragging because of this,"
this segment, if not necessarily this tool,
I think will be helpful for you.
I recently did an episode on Monorepos with David Vjek,
and we uncovered a bunch of cool tools.
One of them is this GetSizer because Monorepos are like,
"I don't just have a repository for this project,
I have a repository for the company," and all 100 people put
all of their projects into that one repository,
which is a bit of a mind bender.
But if you do stuff like that,
you need to think way more carefully
about how you work with files in Git and so on.
So you can ask questions like,
is the repo too big overall?
Ideally it should be under one gig.
Well actually maybe I'm over by a couple bytes,
but whatever.
And they start to get out of control at five gigs.
Like Git doesn't behave well sort of thing.
So you can do things like avoiding compiled output.
So if you have jar files, right, or wheels, I guess,
in our case, we have less compiled output.
But if you have, say, like wheels,
and you wanna keep a version of every release,
maybe don't store that in Git.
Maybe store that somewhere else and link to it in Git.
I don't know.
You also use Git large file system
instead of putting large files directly in there.
And things that's not very compressible
and cannot be diffed, they're very much hated by Git,
because Git does a lot of its work by doing deltas.
Like, okay, here's the main one,
and then here's just the difference of these versions I need to keep.
Like this one line in this text file changed.
That could be what's stored,
but if it's just a binary thing that can't be diffed,
then it's always a copy.
You can go through here and you download it.
To get started, it says, you run it,
it'll tell you things like,
go through the blog, basically analyzing the system.
It says overall repository size.
Here's how many commits there are,
how big the commit history is.
Here's how many trees as in folders and stuff,
and how overall size of them and the blobs, right?
So this one has 55 gigs of blobs with 1.65 million blobs.
That is a serious, serious bit of history there,
whatever this project they ran it on.
But it'll go through and tell you, you know,
what's going on.
And yeah, you can sort of look
and get a better understanding of what's happening
in your Git repository.
- Cool.
Something else that I'm sure everybody knows this already,
but especially in CI and stuff,
it's helpful when you're going to clone a branch,
to clone it to depth one so that you're not cloning all the history.
You don't need it for-
>> Yes. I have some interesting newer version of that guidance for you, Brian.
>> Okay.
>> I watched some of the presentations at GitHub Universe.
What you're talking about is what's called a shallow copy.
It says, we're only going to pretend that there's
three commits deep in this branch,
in which case you only see like three level,
three commits worth of history and so on.
But it is much smaller because it doesn't keep
all those files over time,
but you make the trade-off that you don't have all the history.
If you wanted to go back and read that,
potentially even check out back to one of those,
you'd have to delete the thing or check it out
again and somehow in another less shallow way.
What you can do that's real similar is you can do
a partial clone.
I don't know how I ended up on this page,
but there's docs for it on the GitHub documentation page.
With a shallow clone,
all that it will check out is the depth of one.
I'm sorry, not shallow, partial clone.
All it will check out is level one of files,
but all of the commit history and messages.
This file has 10 changes and here's the messages,
but it doesn't check out those nine others.
But what's cool is if you were to switch a branch or
go back in history, Git will on demand download that other one.
So what you end up typing is you type something like
git clone --filter boleyn blob equals none
or you can even say I want all the files except for anything over
a certain size that might be in history. So anything over 100k
but other than that give me every file forever throughout its all history.
So this partial clone is like a similar type of thing
but it's a little more flexible in that it's like a transparent proxy
to the full history of the repo without cloning it. Does that make sense?
>> Yeah. That might be a good workflow for in a development environment.
>> Yes, exactly. If you're not hoping that you're going to be able to go
offline and completely disassociate yourself from GitHub.
If you are assuming I still have online access and I don't want
this folder to be the true complete full history forever of the repo,
I trust that it's other places, then you'd be totally good.
The one place where the shallow clone would be really awesome is for CI.
>> Yeah, that's what I was mentioning.
>> Yeah. If you're doing it for CI,
then your CI system does not care what the history is.
It only cares what the current is.
>> Yeah.
>> Right. So shallow clone.
Then similarly related to that is you have sparse checkouts where you can say,
I know there's a huge repo,
but I just want these three directories and stuff under them.
You can mix that with a partial clone.
So you can combine these,
not only with a partial clone,
but of just these three directories,
even though there's thousands.
>> All right. Well, and some companies do
the whole mega repo thing where everyone's using one.
>> That's where it would matter because you're like,
"Well, I don't want to check out seven terabytes.
I don't want our returns out to be."
>> Yeah.
>> Anyway, there's a couple of interesting things.
I present to you all the Git Sizer to give you a little bit of advice,
but then also some of these other tools to help you deal with it more.
If you're already in this realm,
partial clone, shallow clones,
and sparse checkouts all might be
tools you can apply, just built in to Git
that make this a lot better.
And also LFS is not that hard to use.
So if you really have to use LFS.
Yeah, I have one other thing for you.
I did this on the Talk Python Training.
I did a partial clone.
Well, filter blob equals none, blob colon none.
And without, so without I had
the deltas with 71,000 deltas
and 118,000 objects with 10,000 objects.
1400 deltas. Much, much faster
checkout. And like I said, it's kind of on-demand. It'll go get the older files if it needs to.
Cool.
Yeah, anyway, it seems like it's pretty handy.
Lots of Git. What are we getting to next?
Oh, we've, oops, right now we've got bad advice.
So, I guess this may be under category of
do not try this at home or just
don't listen to Brian. But it wasn't me, it was this other guy, Adrian.
So this is a fun article called "Data Classes Without Type Annotations."
So I'm using data classes a lot now. I like them.
And adders too. I like both adders and data classes.
Anyway, so apparently,
I didn't know this, but data classes don't really care what the type is.
You can put a type, but it doesn't use the type?
It doesn't use the type at all, apparently.
So you can do something like dot dot dot, for instance, is the type.
And you can do some crazy things.
So that doesn't even make any sense. But apparently it works fine.
And I'm like, I don't believe it. So I tried it, and they're right.
It doesn't do that.
So there's a whole bunch of
discussion around types here and type ints.
And some people just kind of are, they don't want to use types.
And that's fine. But if you wanted to use type classes or data classes,
they kind of require you to use types.
But apparently you can get around it.
And I just really wanted to show this horrible example of code.
And there's a data class
that is called literally
and it has a variable, anything
with the type is a tuple
with two strings in it
saying can go in here.
And we've got other variables with like lambdas expressions as types
And also I tried this, you have to put from future import annotations in your file, but then
you can put all sorts of horrible things in there. It doesn't even have, these symbols don't even have to be anywhere in your file.
As long as it parses, it works fine.
For example, the first type is a tuple.
It's not saying the type is tuple, it just is a tuple, like parenthesis, string, comma, string.
The second one is a lambda where the type value would go and so on.
And it's not even a valid lambda.
Well, I guess it is.
You can have a lambda.
A parameterless lambda.
That only returns a string.
How about not as an expression for a type?
Not even dot evaluate is apparently a valid type.
And then the last one is just awful.
just dot has as a two equals B as the parameter to has
and multiplied by syntactically bracket valid.
These are, this is a nightmare,
but it parses fine.
>> Crazy. Yeah, your editor might not like it.
mypy might not like it.
>> Yeah.
>> Wow.
>> But there is some discussion of things that might be useful about this.
Like if you're really not using data type annotations,
but you want to use data classes,
you perhaps want to put some strings in there as the type
to declare as a comment for what the thing is instead of,
I don't know, this is bad advice.
Don't follow this, but it's fun.
>> It does break some conceptions that people might have about data classes.
Unlike, say, Pydantic where this stuff matters.
They're like data classes, but apparently validated.
>> Yeah. Apparently, this was apparently popular
or enough, this was written last year. And if you want to try to do something similar to data classes, where you are similar to adders, where you have like a trip or something, apparently, there's this other you can say a typeless, a typeless data class. And you can just say it's a field and and get around it. And this is a this is available in a API package.
Okay, cool. typeless data classes fun.
All right, well, is that all of our topics, Brian?
- I think it is.
I don't have any extras either.
Do you have any extras for us?
- I have two.
Let's see what have I got going on here.
So my notes in the show, share notes,
my comment is the LastPass story just keeps getting worse.
What I have on the screen here, what I linked to,
does not fully communicate the degree
to which it has gotten worse.
So keep that in mind.
With LastPass, it turns out that someone, guess what,
broke into the GitHub repository of a developer
sometime last year, like November.
They then used that access to further their access
and eventually got the ability to copy
every single customer's user's last pass encrypted vault,
which sounds terrifying, shouldn't be, but it does,
because that's theoretically encrypted
with your big, long, not reused password.
That's a big if, but it should be, right?
And then it probably should have some kind
of secret key type of thing like one password.
So even if my password was the letter A for one password,
it's still 27 characters
for the person of this perspective.
LastPass doesn't have that, it's just the letter A.
So that's not ideal.
There's some posts like, oh, well, don't worry,
it's gonna take like 100 years to decrypt this.
If, if, big if,
that would be if they had the latest settings,
which are like if I just created a new account
and it used like 100,000 iterations of folding the password
and other things about how long the password has to be.
But here's the getting worse part.
The older versions didn't enforce that.
And they didn't use password folding.
Instead of using 100,000 or a million iterations,
they used one.
So instead of taking 100 years or whatever it is
to decrypt it with a regular sort of cracking GPU system,
it takes about 25 seconds to crack the password.
And those passwords are versioned and changed in this way
depending on when you last used them over time.
So if you create a password 10 years ago,
but then change the settings, I don't think it goes back.
Not a hundred percent sure, but I think it's still,
you can have historical older passwords in your vault
that are like that.
On top of that, it turns out that things like the URL
of where that password belongs to,
and your email address were stored in plain text.
Not true with Bitwarden, not true with 1Password,
but with LastPass, stored in plain text.
Well, it's not plain text, it's base64 encoded,
but we all know what that means.
just not readable by humans, but that's plain text.
So, and when was it last accessed?
So you can do things like,
I wanna go to the vault and see
who has accessed some shady site.
Like, who has accessed Tinder,
but also seems to be married?
Can I blackmail that person
without even figuring out what their password is?
Just say, look, that's a little shady.
I'm gonna tell your wife about your Tinder account.
You know, so I mean, there's all sorts of really bad things.
Plus, I can see that some of those passwords
are going to my bank with a password folding of one
500 or 5,000, which I can just break straight away.
So you can use the unencrypted bits to target which ones you want to go after.
It's really bad.
So just PSA, if you use last pass, change your passwords.
Yeah.
Period.
Cause cause this is out there and it's in plain text, except for the password.
Not ideal.
Okay.
So, anyway, it's, I figured that was bad enough.
I wanted to kind of point out, I know.
Cause a lot of people are like, don't worry.
It's super encrypted.
Like sometimes.
Yeah, but who would actually do it for 25 seconds?
I know, come on. I mean, if it just said,
you know, like, Bank of America account,
dot com slash logon, I don't know.
Is that worth 25 seconds? Probably.
I mean, banks are like kind of a unique case
because they often have like a 2FA or, you know,
what's your cat's
favorite toy's name or whatever, you got to answer.
But like, there's many places
that don't have like some kind of second check like that.
And my bank even has the feature of
Even if I tell them to remember my device, they won't.
So I have to 2FA every single time.
I know, it drives me nuts.
It drives me nuts.
All right.
The other thing is I woke up this morning with a couple thousand dollars.
And unfortunately, by the time of the recording, I no longer have that money.
But I have a new Mac mini coming, Brian.
I want one of these.
They just announced a new Mac mini M2 Pro and the new MacBook Air Pros and Maxes and all that.
So we've been waiting.
It says 600 bucks.
How, where, where are you down 2000?
Wow.
Let us go.
Let us go on, on the pass.
So 600 bucks is the M2 version, which is basically the upgrade of what I have now,
which is awesome.
But what I want is the M2 pro for all the video editing, which is like 1300 to start.
But then you're like, you know, I really could use a little more, a little more
Ram and now it's that, then all the video and podcast stuff, I need some more storage.
and all of a sudden it's like, "Oh, I'll just sell my car. I'll get a Mini."
That'll be cool.
But anyway, I'm very excited about this coming out.
A lot of people know what I think when I get it, but I'm sure it'll be lovely.
>> Hmm, Cooper Mini or Mac Mini, they're about the same price.
>> Exactly.
[LAUGHTER]
One's made in Cupertino by Apple.
The other one is Cooper made by BMW in London or England somewhere.
All right. That's it for extras, though.
I got some jokes, if you want a joke.
>> Yeah, let's do something funny.
>> Yeah. All right.
So this one's about debugging.
And have you ever done like, I've got a section and I need a break point here,
but there's not a great way to put the break point there.
Or, or you might say, I would say if you know, user equals such and such, or
this value is in the range of what I expected, then I want it to break.
So you might say, if something created just a variable set of
value and give it a break point.
Well, this is kind of about the, the philosophical wonderings
of this situation here.
So there's a variable, it just says var a equals zero,
JavaScript, I guess, or it could be C#.
But it has a little squiggly,
which is clearly like unused variable, right?
>> Yes.
>> The variable asks, "Dear programmer,
what is my purpose?"
Then the programmer says,
"You're a dummy variable to place a breakpoint on."
Oh my God.
>> [LAUGHTER]
>> Isn't that amazing?
>> That's pretty funny.
>> Yeah. The existential despair of the dummy variable.
>> But it's short-lived,
but it can be quite helpful and loved.
Don't let it get you down, dummy variable.
>> Yeah. Or it could have been used once before,
and then somebody refactored the code and
forgot to delete the declaration.
>> Exactly. Then you live a long time.
>> Yeah.
>> All right. Well, that's it.
>> All right. That was funny.
Thanks a lot, and thanks for joining me again today,
and thanks of course to Microsoft Founders Hub to sponsor us.
>> You bet. Thanks everyone for listening.